GAT2021 Followup Overhaul (#2371)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/admin/tutorials/cvmfs/tutorial.md

>
{: .hands_on}

# Common Production Questions

> ### {% icon question %} For the most used datasets (for ex. hg38) could we have a local copy, or would that be irrelevant?

> > This would be irrelevant, the most used datasets will stay in the cache. CVMFS uses an LRU or "Least Recently Used" cachec (see their [docs](https://cvmfs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cpt-details.html#disk-cache)), so whenever it runs out of space, it will remove the least recently used file. If you have a file that is very commonly used, it will remain in the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This would be irrelevant, the most used datasets will stay in the cache. CVMFS uses a Least Recently Used (LRU) cache (see their [docs](https://cvmfs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cpt-details.html#disk-cache)), so whenever it runs out of space, it will remove the least recently used file. If you have a file that is very commonly used, it will remain in the cache.
```

{: .question}

> ### {% icon question %} Could you explain how to calculate a good cache space?
> Here are two approaches, there are others:
> 1. Allocate some cache, see how it is, make it larger if it is fully used + users complain of speed.
> 2. Enable reference data, and collect a week or two of data, analyse which reference datasets are being used, and allocate enough space for all of them.
>
> Essentially you just need data on how your users will behave and what reference data they want, combined with "when will they accept a wait period" to determine how much space you must allocate.
{: .question}

> ### {% icon question %} If I use a cluster, will I need to configure this FS in each node (given that the folder is at / directly)?

> > Yes. Often users with a cluster keep a smaller cache local to each compute node, and then setup a Squid proxy to hold the most commonly accessed data on a machine with more storage. E.g. each compute node could have 10-50GB of CVMFS storage while you might setup a Squid proxy with 200-300 GB of storage that will store everything your site users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Yes. Often admins with a cluster keep a smaller cache local to each compute node, and then setup a Squid proxy to hold the most commonly accessed data on a machine with more storage. E.g. each compute node could have 10-50GB of CVMFS storage while you might setup a Squid proxy with 200-300 GB of storage that will store everything your site uses.
```

>  simple.
{: .spoken data-visual="galaxy" data-target="s2id_field-uid-12_select a" data-action="click"}

> ```bash

> > curl  --silent https://$(hostname -f)/api/genomes | grep bosTau -o

Reviewer 2: Nice!
